=encoding utf8

=head1 INSTALLATION

=over 4

=item 1. Install Bezier-Envelope-for-Inkscape

Install L<https://github.com/shlomif/Bezier-Envelope-for-Inkscape> under
~/.config/inkscape/extensions/

=item 2. make install under "scripts/".

Enter the "scripts/" directory of this repository’s sub-directory and type
"make install" to install the needed files. See the Makefile there.

=back

=head1 THE FILES

=head2 Automated script

Perhaps running "bash scripts/render-automatically.bash" (after the
installation) will work for you. It emits the file "RESULT-bk2hp.svg".

=head3 Screenshot of the Canvas

L<./images-for-reference-and-studying/Screenshot_2021-10-25_16-48-25.png>
is a screenshot of how "RESULT-bk2hp.svg" is supposed to look like
in Inkscape 1.1.x .

=head2 back-to-my-homepage--path-union--with-less-vertical-space.svg

This is the image from which to start the work. Open it in Inkscape
and select C<Extensions → Modify Path → Shlomif Back to my Homepage Distort>
and you should get the final image.

=head2 create_gradient.py

Unused file to create a gradient for GIMP. I originally wanted to use it, but
eventually decided against it.

=head2 notes.txt

Colour probing notes on the gradient.

=head2 trying-slant.svg

A temporary file for trying the slant feature in Inkscape.

=head2 back-to-my-homepage--scripted-final--with-gradient-applied--cropped.svg

The final image.

=head2 back-to-my-homepage--scripted-final--with-gradient-applied.svg

The pre final image.

=head2

=cut

=
